Added link to Authoring SDK (#93936)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/language-service/question-answering/how-to/authoring.md

The question answering Authoring API is used to automate common tasks like adding new question answer pairs, as well as creating, publishing, and maintaining projects/knowledge bases. 

> [!NOTE]

> > Authoring functionality is available via the REST API and [Authoring SDK (preview)](dotnet/api/overview/azure/ai.language.questionanswering-readme-pre?view=azure-dotnet). This article provides examples of using the REST API with cURL. For full documentation of all parameters and functionality available consult the [REST API reference content](/rest/api/cognitiveservices/questionanswering/question-answering-projects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Authoring functionality is available via the REST API and [Authoring SDK (preview)](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/overview/azure/ai.language.questionanswering-readme-pre). This article provides examples of using the REST API with cURL. For full documentation of all parameters and functionality available consult the [REST API reference content](/rest/api/cognitiveservices/questionanswering/question-answering-projects).
```
